# Basic file structure
The following .md file will explain the file structure of the Swupel Primain project.

## Directories
### docs
This directory contains all markdown files regarding documentation.
They are numbered by importance and going from overview to detail oriented.

### instance
This directory stores the current instance of the sqlite3 database used by the system.
The database contains both user and Primain records.

### node_modules
Used to store required node modules. 
These are needed because we use external JS libraries to validate BTC signatures.

### static
Containing both the .css file and all images used on the website,
this directory is very important for keeping the UI smooth and user-friendly.

### templates
This directory contains all HTML files used by the system. 
These templates will then be populated with information according to their what's needed.

## Files
### the database file
The database contains both user and Primain records. 
Using Sqlite3, it is one of the most essential components of the system.

### style.css
Containing all the project's CSS, this file is crucial to maintaining a well-functioning user interface.
It also prevents code inflation by eliminating the need for costume CSS in every template.

### the template files
As these are quite a lot, they have been organized into the table below:

| File name + .html     | Purpose of said file                 |
| ----------------------|--------------------------------------|
| about                 | Contains the FAQs                    |
| add_primain           | Add a new crypto address to a primain|
| base                  | Base of all templates                |
| contact               | Contains the contact form            |
| delete_address        | Contains removal logic for addresses |
| display_address       | Shows address for Primain URL        |
| get_address           | Shows address for Primain            |
| index                 | Home page when logged in             |
| login                 | Page used for logging in             |
| manage_account        | Page with all acount related actions |
| register_primain      | Page used to register a new Primain  |
| reset_password        | Contains password reset logic        |
| reset_with_token      | If valid token, user can reset pw.   |
| signup                | Page used for creating a new account |
| TOS                   | Conatins our Terms of service        |
| view_owned_primains   | Page used to view all owned Primains |

### app.py
This file contains all the server routing for the project. By running it, you can start the Primain service.
Using Flask, this file also serves as the backend for every request to the frontend.

### crypto_methods.py
This file handles all cryptographic operations app.py has to deal with.
It is imported by app.py and used only within app.py and its methods.

### package-lock.json + package.json
These are required for verifySignature.js and BTC signature verification.

### README.md
This markdown file guides new users through the process of running the project 
and answers any surface level questions

### requirements.txt
This file can be used to install all the required libraries by running ```pip install -r requirements.txt``

### verifySignature.js
Containing logic for BTC signature verification it is intended to be run by the backend.

### .env File
A .env File with the following structure is required:

private_key = ```Encrypted private key```
stripe_key=```Stripe API key```
EMAIL_PASS=```Password of the mail server```